---
layout: post
title:  "PolyGen at 39C3"
date:   2025-12-25 12:00:00 +0100
categories: 39C3
---
Polybius Biotech are pleased to announce the deployment of PolyGen portable fusion generates across the 39C3 event site.

## How to play
To play you simply need an RFID card. Most cards will work, although anything that generates a dynamic identifier such as mobile phones and some bank cards will not work.  Your objective is to keep as many of the units aligned to your team as possible.

You can collect a free white RFID card from PolyGen HQ located at K6 Level 3 Saal Z Foyer.  There are a selection of 3D printed tokens available for purchase if you want something a bit more colourful.  

PolyGen units are deployed all around 39C3.  Locate one of these units and present your RFID card or token to the centre of the unit. As a new player it will then ask you to select a global corporation to support.
There are four companies you can choose from:
- Black Spire Consortium (Pink)
- ChimeraTech Corporation (Yellow)
- Malevolant Enterprises (Cyan)
- Nothing to see here Industries (Green)

Simply tap your token a second time when the PolyGen unit is illuminated the colour of the company you wish to support.  Your token will then be locked to that corporation.  

Now go and seek out other PolyGen units and present your token.  If it isn't your team colour you will capture it for your team and it will commence generating power for your chosen corporation.

If a PolyGen unit is already your company colour then you can still present your token, this will record you as visiting and boost the output of that unit for as long as it is held by your team.

## Scoring
PolyGen fusion generators generate 1kWh per second while it is held by you and your corporation.  Each visit recorded also results in additional output.  When boosting a PolyGen unit you'll be gaining 0.1kWh per second for you and your corporation.

PolyGen units will ignore your token if you are the current owner of the unit or you were the last one to visit the unit. A re-visit is only counted when you have visited at least one other PolyGen unit between your two visits to the first, and someone else has visited the first unit as well.

You will be told if you are already boosting, or if the unit is running hot.  For around 2.5 minutes after boosting output the PolyGen unit will be running hot and unable to accept further boosting.  Simply try again after a few minutes and you'll be able to boost output.

A one-off bonus is available if you played the game at EMF Camp 2022 or MCH 2022 and you have reused your token.  In those circumstances you will be greated with a different welcome message when registering.

Full scoring details as follows:
- Capture and hold: 1 per second held
- First Visit: 100 one-off
- Return Visit: 50 one-off
- Returning Player: 5,000 per event
- Output Boost: 0.1 per second held

## Rules
We ask that you follow these rules:
  - Please do not interfere with other users playing the game.  If they are already attempting to take control of the unit then please permit them to finish.
  - Do not block others from accessing a unit by hiding it, moving it, blocking access to it or being obstructive.
  - Do not attempt to open the units, they will make a lot of noise!  If you are interested in seeing how they look inside then please drop by PolyGen Home Base.  Hopefully there will be a talk I can run if you're interested in a bit more detail.
  - Do not clone RFID cards.  Each player should be unique.
  - Do not operate multiple cards, one player, one card.

## Timings
The game will start on Saturday 27th December at 12:00 and run until Tuesday 30th December at 11:00.

## PolyGen Home Base
You can collect an RFID card from the PolyGen table at K6 Level 3 Saal Z Foyer.  You can also see the scoreboard there.  I will run a show and tell session at 20:00 on 28th and 29th in the HQ area, you'll find details in the official programme, this is your chance if you're wanting to see inside the units.

Note that units only appear on the map once they have been discovered.  A unit that is uncaptured will not show on the map, so you'll need to go find them.

## Player Website
Set your codename (or see what PolyGen assigned to you!), just browse to [[https://gen.polyb.io/playerportal/]] and see your stats.   You can also see the overall game scores on [[https://gen.polyb.io/scores/]]

## Unit problems
If you find a unit that isn't working, or it is being too noisy where it is located then please get in contact.  I'm reachable on 
Mastodon: @trikkitt@mastodon.social
X: @Trikkitt
Email: mjt@mjturner.co.uk

I can control the volume of the units remotely.  Do get in contact if you need the volume adjusted.

